Katydid is a data analysis package for Project 8.

Requirements:
  Monarch (included as a submodule of Katydid)
  Protobuf
  Boost -- headers, plus the following libraries: date_time, filesystem, program_options, system, thread
  FFTW3 -- version 3.3 or newer
  Eigen -- optional, though some functionality will not be available without it
  Mantis -- optional, version 2.6.0 or newer
  ROOT -- optional, though some functionality will not be available without it
  Matlab Compiler Runtime (MCR) -- optional, it's only needed to read matlab files generated by the Tektronix RSA.  It works with version R2014a, and it does not work witv R2013a.  Other versions have not been tested.
  log4cxx -- optional
  
  If building from source:
  CMake (version 2.8 or newer)

Directory contents:
  cmake - Files that CMake uses to build Katydid.
  Documentation - Doxygen-based code documentation.
  External - A few dependencies that are included with the distribution.
  Scripts - A CMakeLists.txt file that will allow you to easily build an external applicaiton using Katydid classes.
  Source

    Analysis - Classes that don't yet fit into any of the other libraries.
    Applications - Source code for executables.
    Candidates - Classes that identify and represent candidate signals
    Core - Classes that form the basis of the various systems that make up Katydid (e.g. processors, configuration, etc.)
    Egg - Classes involved in getting an event out of a data file.
    FFT - Classes involved in making FFTs from events
    Output -- Classes for writing data to disk in various formats.
    Utility -- Generic classes that are used throughout Katydid.
  
Installation:
  1. Download a copy of the repository
        > git clone git@github.com:project8/katydid.git
  2. Enter the top-level directory
        > cd katydid
  3. Download all submodules
        > git submodule update --init --recursive
  4. Create and enter the build directory
        > mkdir cbuild
        > cd cbuild
  5. Configure your installation with cmake (or ccmake, or cmake-gui . . .)
        > ccmake ..
  6. Build
        > make
  7. Install
        > make install
    
Documentation:
  1. This README file contains some useful information.
  2. The Github-based wiki contains (or will contain) detailed descriptions of what's included with Katydid and how to use it.
  3. Code reference material can be found in Documenation/html/index.html
  
Usage notes:
  0. The default build location is a subdirectory called cbuild.
  1. The libraries will be installed in the lib directory.
  2. The binaries will be installed in the bin directory.
  3. The classes are in the namespace Katydid.
  4. The Scripts directory contains an example of how to build an external application using Katydid classes. 
     The included CMakeLists.txt file can be dropped in a directory with your own code to, 
     with a little customization, build against Katydid.
  
Contact:
  Noah Oblath (nsoblath@mit.edu)
